I want to adopt this dog that's great we
just have a few short questions and you
will be on your way why do you want to
adopt this dog my son is really scared
of dogs and I want to teach him not to
be afraid so I'm going to adopt this dog
this sounds like an excellent idea
already
is your son scared of all dogs yes all
dogs but I'm sure he's going to like
this dog it can't weigh more than ten
pounds that's because it's a one month
old puppy this talk is going to be much
bigger
it'll probably weigh 50 or 60 pounds
when it grows up
are you sure that seems pretty big no I
just lied to you for shits and giggles
this talk is going to be about 50 or 60
pounds when it grows up well we'll
figure it out then I'm sure my son will
love taking care of it is the doghouse
trained it's a one month old puppy I'm
going to go with no it's not house
trained
well we'll just keep it outside my son
will have so much fun or you could train
it what do you mean you'll keep it
outside we have a larger yard does the
art have a fence no but we live right on
the highway you will need to keep the
dog on a leash in the yard if it doesn't
have a fence no I'm sure he's smart and
will know not to run away besides we
live right on the highway this is
sounding like a better idea by the
minute you're going to take a 1 month
old puppy and instead of training him
you're going to keep him outside in your
yard on the highway that has no fence
it's a good thing there are no fines for
being stupid he will like the yard and I
already bought a leash what else does a
dog need well it's a puppy so it'll
probably need a crate a crate is cruel
why would I put my dog in a cage that is
so cruel a dog belongs outside you're
right it's much better to keep your
puppy in your yard with no fence ride on
the highway that is a huge improvement
over a crate inside their house my son
will love this dog can we adopt it now
or do you have other questions do you
have any other pets yes we
three cats we used to have five but two
of them died I don't even want to ask
this question but I feel like I have to
how did your cats die they got out of
the yard and got run over we live right
on the highway let me guess you eat
paste for dinner let's say you do take
this dog home would you return him to
the shelter for any reason yes if my son
was afraid of it but you just said he
was afraid of all dogs but this one will
be different I can feel it Oh
and we'll also return it if we move